how cozy generators at Shannon and it's
Wednesday which means its top 5
Wednesday which means i have a list for
you and this week we are doing a top
five villains uh so i'm just gonna get
started we had a little man today you
know what those things are just feeling
like man just like me like you just and
you know so I'm feeling today top iyz
was created by Laini from ginger reads
Lanie as some of you may know and i'll
put her link and the link to all of the
top 5 Wednesday family down below lady
has started a hashtag on twitter hashtag
t5 w family and i'm really excited about
that because i think we got our family
but all of booktube is like a family
just makes me so happy i was really
excited for this one when i saw that
this was the first time for februari
because villains are such really cool
characters and no matter what i always
find a reason to feel bad for them I
think about them them the most i find
them the hardest to understand so i
really try to dive into their brains the
most when i'm reading stories so i chose
my top five and really excited to tell
you they are and throughout this video
i'll probably be saying how much i hate
these characters and they drive me crazy
and they're just awful people and that's
true but i also love them as characters
because villains are always so rich and
powerful so I hate them but i also love
them so number five is Clancy from the
darkest minds trilogy when we first met
him you know you're not sure you know
what if he's good or bad like will you
actually you have every reason in the
world to believe that he's good and then
you eventually find out that he's not
and I knew from the very beginning there
was something fishy about him I really
don't like him and what he did to ruby
is just unforgivable and I don't just
know i just don't like oh like him and
then when he showed up again and never
fade i was excited but the same time I
was like oh god he just never goes away
you don't say it oh never he never
leaves he never go keep just never leave
not much to say about him I don't like
him my number four villain is Eli from
vicious by ve Schwab Eli and Victor are
both kind of villains in this that the
two main characters in this story but
Eli more so the thing about Eli is that
he thinks he's doing the right thing and
he thinks he has a special permission
from this heart from a higher power to
do the things that he does he thinks
he's doing the right thing what he's
supposed to do what is good for Humanity
and for the world and that just made him
all the scare
here to me like he terrified me the fact
that he so firmly believes that that he
was killing his own kind of people his
other people with superpowers but he
still felt that he had the special
provision to kill everybody else of his
own kind and not you know he had the
right to live it just it was just so
messed up and he scared the crap out of
me I don't like him at all so oh yeah my
number three villain is Anderson from
the shadow me trilogy who I hate with a
passion cuz all villains are obviously
awful but he is so bad oh god he not
only did he corrupt the whole society
and he took everything away from
humanity and everybody that he had
control over he ruined the lives of
everybody that he should care about like
his family his wife his all of his
children he ruined all of them all of
them he just ruined that oh god I just
can't I hate him so much he's the worst
kind of person he just doesn't care
about anything oh there's nothing
there's no there are no Regina redeeming
qualities about it does not care about
anything will kill anybody doesn't care
yeah okay and my last two villains are
probably not going to be a surprise with
the order that I put them in will
probably be a surprise and they're both
from the same series the first one is
Voldemort from the Harry Potter series
and I mean how can you not have him on
this list he is in my number two spot
and not my number one spot because he
kind of never had any choice in the
matter we learned at the end of the
series that because he was conceived um
because of a love potion he is incapable
of love feeling love or giving love or
anything so he doesn't even know what it
is he doesn't even know that there's
actually good in the world you know what
I mean he is awful and he is the worst
kind of person but he had no choice
about it I think that's what makes
villains so bad like they choose to be
that way you know like God it just dried
you crazy like I mean no matter how many
horrible things happen in your life you
always have a choice and you can always
choose to be a better person in the fact
that villains just choose to just be bad
baldan words my number two spot because
he is just because he's horrible
horrible horrible
purple and my number one villain is
Dolores Umbridge she has always been
worse than Baltimore in my mind I don't
know what that reason is she's just had
that like extra creepy factor and that
like oh just like that Oh God she just
gives you that like chill down my spine
like I thought I hate you like she's so
clever and she's so genius um but like
she's just the worst the main villain in
this is obviously well demora but she's
like an enabler and she kind of was like
let's let the things happen and she
wants them to happen so it like that
just makes her so much worse like she
sees from like behind the scenes and in
the big picture what is happening and
she's okay with it you know when she
like lets it happen and she encourages
it and I cannot no no no those are my
top five villains thank you so much for
watching let me know who your favorite
villains are down below because I really
want to know I feel like I didn't have
many options cuz there's always an
antagonist but I had a hard time
choosing like villains like villains
like mo ha ha evil um I don't know what
that just was but thank you so much for
watching I will see you in my next video
hi Ellen I love you bye